clarify HOST_METRICS_LOG_SYSTEM (#95)
cap-js/telemetry: README.md

Additionally, `@cap-js/telemetry` instantiates and starts [`@opentelemetry/host-metrics`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/host-metrics) if it is found in the app's dependencies.
To avoid spamming the console, only `process.*` metrics are printed by default.

> Printing the `system.*` metrics to the console can be enabled via environment variable `HOST_METRICS_LOG_SYSTEM=true`.

Author: ```suggestion
Printing the `system.*` metrics in the built-in console exporter can be enabled via environment variable `HOST_METRICS_LOG_SYSTEM=true`.
```

> It is not possible to influence which metrics `@opentelemetry/host-metrics` sends to a backend.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, there is no public config option to influence which metrics `@opentelemetry/host-metrics` sends to a backend.
```

Additionally, `@cap-js/telemetry` instantiates and starts [`@opentelemetry/host-metrics`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/host-metrics) if it is found in the app's dependencies.
To avoid spamming the console, only `process.*` metrics are printed by default.

> Printing the `system.*` metrics can be enabled via environment variable `HOST_METRICS_LOG_SYSTEM=true`.

Author: ```suggestion
Printing the `system.*` metrics to the console can be enabled via environment variable `HOST_METRICS_LOG_SYSTEM=true`.
```
